Fix 102 (#104)
Ouranosinc/xscen: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

v0.5.0 (unreleased)
-------------------
Contributors to this version: Gabriel Rondeau-Genesse (:user:`RondeauG`), Juliette Lavoie (:user:`juliettelavoie`), Trevor James Smith (:user:`Zeitsperre`) and Pascal Bourgault (:user:`aulemahal`).

New features and enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Breaking changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^
* ``clean_up`` now converts the calendar of variables that use "interpolate" in "missinge_by_var" at the same time.

> Hence, when it is a conversion from a 360_day calendar, the random date are the same of the these variables. (:issue:`102`, :pull:`104`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, when it is a conversion from a 360_day calendar, the random dates are the same for all of the these variables. (:issue:`102`, :pull:`104`)
```
